In this video you will learn how to get 10,000 followers on tiktok in only 7 days or even
less and it is not dancing or making trends or anything like that but using the strategy that
I am going to tell you in this video sounds good no so first we are going to put it in numbers to know what
we are going to need to get these followers If we want to get 10,000 followers
we are going to need at least 500,000 visits it may sound like a lot to you but if you do step by step
what I am going to say in this video will really come true very easy and because there are 500 thousand views why
If on average 2% of the people who watch our videos follow us with 500,000 views we will have
10,000 followers now This is the minimum But later I will tell you a trick that will be that
this percentage not only be 2% but be higher and be 5%. so our goal
is to get at least 500,000 views and since I want you to get 10,000 followers in
just seven days you will need 71 thousand views Every day I want what this guy smokes But
hey, you also have more time, there's no rush, the second thing is to see what type of content you are going to
do there are three main types of content on tiktok the first is entertainment content
the second is educational content and the third is personal content everything can go viral Although
entertainment content is easier since it is something that anyone can do Instead, I could see
if we have educational content, only people who are interested in that
topic would be interested in our video, but it can still go viral once you identify this
content, you will choose your Niche, that is, your topic, if it is entertainment, it can be Ball Fashion. etc.
In education, it could be entrepreneurship, finance, etc., and if it is personal, well, it will be up to
you now, it is very important that when you choose a Niche, not because I have seen Many accounts that
start uploading videos on a certain topic but then change and for That same thing doesn't grow because
when they are creating content on a certain topic, they are creating a community little by little,
but if later you change the topic, those people who supported you will no longer have that content
that you did before. Then you would be starting almost from scratch. grab a Niche or theme and don't
change it the third thing is to generate ideas The idea is the most important thing and if we want to grow as fast as
possible we will need the best ideas So there are two ways or we can grab ideas
from other creators that have already worked or we can do it from scratch but if we use ideas
from scratch we run the risk that they won't really be interesting and have few views. So
if you want to play it safe and get as many views as possible then you can get
inspiration from other creators of some videos. that they have had good results But
that does not mean that we are going to steal but we are only going to be inspired and try to make even better content
or talking about Another aspect of that topic to find the best videos from other
creators of the same topic what we should to do is go to tiktok and from here we are going to go where
it says explore and we are going to look for the keyword on some topic of ours For example, I am going to seek to
grow in social networks Now we are going to go to videos and we are going to give them these three
little dots we are going to put it in filters and we are going to put it in order by number of likes Then
we put apply and here the videos that have the most likes and that also have
the most views on the subject that we are looking for also something else will appear what we can do is filter them
by the last month also in three months or in six months so this can help us to see the
most recent viral videos of a certain topic and this is a gold machine yb you can use
and be inspired to make even better videos The fourth thing, once we have had the idea,
it's time to record But please don't record and say the first thing that comes to mind. What
I recommend, rather, I do not recommend, what you are going to do is write a script because with
this to have a better structure and the video will turn out better and you will have better results
there are three things that yes or yes you should have in your script the first and most important thing is the
hook the hook is the introduction of the video And if we have a good hook when people are watching
tiktok and a video of ours appears, he will say Uh, how interesting I am going to see it, and we must
remember that people on tiktok are very demanding. If people see that from the beginning the video starts to get
boring, then they will quickly do it So, so I'm going to leave you 5 hooks that you can use
in your videos. The first is if you're tired of it, then you should do it. The second has happened
to you. The third, why is nobody talking about the fourth, things that I would have liked to know before
and Fifth, did you know that these hooks work very well because they generate curiosity and also
make the viewer feel identified because we are asking them a question and this
triples their interest. So you should always start with a hook in your videos
and if you need more hooks I recommend a book that I have created on 103 hooks to viralize your
content here I group the best hooks that have had better results and not only
from my content but from other creators so that you can use them and viralize your content And of course
you never stay No ideas, if you're interested, enter the first link in the description so that
you can start viralizing your tiktoks because believe me, a good hook can make the difference
between a thousand visits and 100,000 visits and I'm not kidding, after the hook goes the
video information and that's for you. it's up to you But keep in mind that if you start to get off topic people are going to
lose interest and go away from the video So get to the point and also make it entertaining and the last
part of the script is the call to action here it is We have to be very careful Because if we
take too long quickly, people are going to leave and that is surely when you are watching
tiktoks and someone says follow me and then later you do that because the information in the video has ended.
So I recommend that you do it quickly here the best thing we can do is say follow me for more
and follow me for more videos about And you say the topic of your content also one of the best things
you can do is make a video in look this is to make it seem like the video doesn't end and to do
we must link this The end with the beginning the beginning of the video can be officially Cristiano
Ronaldo is a trillionaire and at the end we can say and this is how Cristiano Ronaldo is officially
a millionaire And thus we make it seem that the video does not end whether it has more time to visualization
what is most important to tiktok that they stay on their platform but here is one thing
and that is that if we want to get more followers making the call to action
can help us more because for some strange reason people when you ask If he follows you
, he will follow you and when you don't, people don't follow you as much, obviously it's not a strange
reason, but this is another guy and also remember to be funny since your video will be better and then
they tell you in the comments hahaha Good joke and they end up following you crazy is that you record your
video here obviously it's not very complicated but I'll just give you some quick tips make sure you
record in the highest quality possible since it's going to look much better and also make sure
your face is already illuminated that you will want to look good in your video because there really is a lot of
difference also remember to speak safely if you get stuck say it again until you get it right
and also smile the sixth thing is to avoid your video this is where many are lazy and lose
the opportunity to create an even better video when you are editing your video make sure that
from the beginning of the video you are talking because people give microseconds to decide if there is going to
be a video or not and if you take half a second to start people are going to leave soon One thing
that works very well in tiktok is putting subtitles and this gives the video a lot of dynamism and
in fact makes the viewer stay longer and there are also times when we are
watching tiktoks and we cannot turn up the volume. And if we We have subtitles in our videos,
it will be that people can see it correctly without the audio and they will even be able to see your videos in
the church to put subtitles you can use capcut and this application generates them automatically
and totally free So you will not lose a lot of time and I also recommend that
you put background music as This makes it more interesting but the music you use
do not have a voice because if you do this people will not understand what you are saying I recommend that
you look for instrumental music but preferably that is dynamic you can search for it on tiktok very
easily simply when you are going to record a video or already record it you will put in Add
sound and here Search for instrumental music and from here choose the one you like best The seventh thing is to publish
your video here just make sure everything is right and the hashtags Well I'm going to make you
honest sometimes I don't use them and my videos with more views they don't have hashtags But hey, we don't
lose anything in using them So simply use topic hashtags in relation to your
content For example, I use hashtag content creation hashtag social networks so in
your case Look for hashtags that are related to your topic and not put viral hashtag for you page
of that although a hashtag is not going to help you, the most important thing is going to be your content now before you
upload your first video I recommend that you have three videos already made Because if
you upload only one video and people it enters your account because you will only have one video to
watch and you will be wasting more visits But instead if you upload several videos at once you will make it so
that if people liked a video of yours they will enter your account and will have more content to
see apart from the fact that people need to see you more to say Okay I liked your content I will follow it
So I recommend that you upload three videos the first day and the rest of the days upload two and
remember to be inspired by other creators to create better ones videos and make it easier for you to go
viral so by uploading this amount of videos daily you will need an average of 35 thousand visits
I want what you smoke This tip but it is really very easy to viralize tiktoks and more with everything I
told you since we will have the best ideas and with a question of videos going viral and having
more than 100,000 visits, the rest of your videos will also get more visits and in this
way you will grow quickly and easily, so remember to enter the first link in the description so that
you have the best hooks for your videos and you get many more views and also
Follow me on tiktok because I also give advice there I hope it helps you and I'll see you in the next video